welcome to Kensington Place Apartments a
controlled-access community in beautiful
southeast Houston just minutes from I 45
in the Sam Houston Tollway Kensington
Place is convenient to everything our
spacious apartment homes were designed
with your comfort in mind conveniently
located just half a mile east of i-40
five minutes away from NASA and
Galveston Island we are close to
shopping centers Park and Ride
facilities major employers and downtown
Houston here you're just minutes from a
variety of dining shopping and
entertainment venues and if you love the
ocean
you're just a short drive to fun-filled
Galveston Island Kensington Place is
located within the Pasadena ISD School
System offering a quality education for
all ages at Kensington Place you're sure
to be impressed with our selection of
apartment homes featuring three floor
plans with up to 1193 square feet to
choose from our apartment homes are
beautiful boasting quality craftsmanship
wood flooring and fully equipped
kitchens with laminated countertops and
backsplashes you're sure to enjoy all of
the extras such as beautiful six panel
interior doors steel entry doors
designer lighting multiple ceiling fans
and large walk-in closets with storage
systems in all allowing you an organized
place for everything the balconies and
patios complete with private storage or
a great place to relax and take in the
well manicured landscaping check out the
large play area with playground
equipment providing an ideal place for
the children to enjoy while you enjoy
some time with family and friends taking
advantage of the on-site barbecue and
picnic areas you'll love our large
sparkling swimming pool a great place to
relax and bask in a Texas Sun the
community room with planned social
educational and other activities offers
a retreat from the ordinary for you and
your family and if you need to catch up
on a last-minute project check out the
business and computer center complete
with printer and much more Kensington
Place also features carports and on-site
laundry facilities adding comfort and
convenience to your lifestyle
Kensington Place provides professional
management and 24-hour emergency
maintenance and be sure to bring your
furry friend as Kensington Place is a
pet friendly community so stop looking
and start living give Kensington place a
call today you'll be glad you did
you